Hello, my name is Colin Rendell, and I'm a professor at Duke University in the Department
of Statistical Science, and I've been teaching data science with R for a decade now.
And I've been teaching Shiny specifically to our students since 2015.
This year at PositConf, I'm teaching a one-day workshop on developing and deploying Shiny
Dashboards.
Here are three reasons why you should consider taking this workshop.
The first reason is to level up your Shiny skills.
This is a workshop that is designed for our users who already have some basic experience
with Shiny and are looking to improve their existing skills.
We'll briefly review basic Shiny concepts around reactivity and app development, but
we'll quickly expand beyond that into topics like dynamic user interfaces, modularization,
and customization.
With that said, the second reason you should take this is to learn how to customize your
existing Shiny apps and make them look unique.
One of the most powerful aspects of Shiny is that the app interface is just a webpage,
and therefore pretty much anything that you can do with HTML, you can do with Shiny.
And so in that vein, what we'll be discussing is various dashboard interfaces for Shiny.
There's a lot of options out there.
We'll talk about how they're different, how they're similar, and how they're implemented.
And once you understand how they're implemented, that gives you an idea about how you then
can customize them yourself.
In so doing, we'll also be touching on the larger Shiny extension ecosystem and how you
can use that to further customize your app and simplify your own code.
And then finally, we'll also be talking about options for theming.
So in particular, if you're working on a Shiny app for a client, how you can customize
your app to match your client's branding or other kinds of preferences for how it looks.
Finally, we'll also have a segment discussing about deploying your Shiny apps.
We'll have a detailed discussion of what options are available for you to do this.
We'll touch on the whole range of options, including things like Shinyapps.io, PositConnect,
and even options around self-hosting it, what the limitations of each of these are, what
the advantages are, and so on and so forth.
If any of this sounds interesting to you, I encourage you to go to posit.com.conference
to find more details about this workshop and all the other workshops that are being offered
during the conference.
That's also where you'll be able to enroll in this and any of the other available workshops.
I look forward to seeing you all in Chicago in September.